[ADD] hr: create new hr documentation about the employee directory (#656)
odoo/documentation-user: hr/overview/employee_form.rst

=============
Employee Form
=============

Create an employee Form
=======================

You can **Create** an employee from the employee dashboard or directly from a department.

.. image:: media/create-employee.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to create an employee

If you have an existing list of employees, you can *Import* them in a CSV or Excel file, to batch import your employees,
simply click on the *import* button on the dashboard.

.. note::
   Need help ? `how to import your contacts <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/contacts-and-importing-data-609?fullscreen=1>`_.

> Complete employee form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gathering employee's information
--------------------------------------
```

or something like that

======================

The employee form allows you to add tags, a picture and edit all the general information about your employee.
You can also create and edit departments and a manager for your employee.

.. image:: media/employee-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Empty employee form

> Print

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Print
-----
```

=====

> From the employee form, *Print Badge*, *Time Off Summaries* and *Individual Accounts* for each employee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the employee form, *Print Badge*, *Time Off Summaries* and *Individual Accounts* for each employee.
```

Maybe introduce a quick reason/motivation for why this is usefu + a quick explanation about the options (as the Print Bagde and Individual Accounts are not very intuitive, I feel (: )?

.. image:: media/print-actions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Print actions available on the employee form

> Action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actions
-------
```

======

> You can also directly *Archive*, *Delete*, *Duplicate* or *Generate tax forms* and *Attestations* from the employee

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the menu *Actions*  you find the options to *Archive*, *Delete*, *Duplicate*, *Generate tax forms* or generate *Attestations* of your employee.
```
Maybe add a 'note' saying that if you would like to see the employees that having been archived, for example, you use filters for it? - idea

form.

.. note::

> 
>    281.10 and 281.45 are tax forms for belgian localisations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   281.10 and 281.45 are tax forms for Belgian localisations.
```

It seems to me it would be better place under the pic? as it is also just relevant for Belgians.

> .. image:: media/actions.png

Reviewer: Maybe this pic could be cropped a bit more on the sides so the action option's text would be a bit bigger? sae for the pic above.

   :align: center
   :alt: Actions available on the employee form

> Employee Skill management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Employees' experiences and skills
======================
```

Author: I prefer skill management

=========================

> In the *Resumé* tab in the employee form, you can keep track of the experiences and skills of your employees. Create and
> edit skills and experience by clicking on *Edit* →  **Add**.
> You can also simply delete lines by clicking on the bin icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Under the *Resumé* tab you can keep track of the experiences and skills of your employees.
```

maybe more text can be developed here, and if my suggestion on the screenshot is taken account, it might have an influence in the text as well.

> .. image:: media/create-skills.png

Reviewer: What if the screenshot shows the tab Resume and the 'Create a New Entry' buttons. I believe it would be a nicer, more valuable one.

Author: It's another window that opens...

   :align: center
   :alt: Create skills for your employees

Add Skills
----------
When creating a Skill you can choose the *Skill Type, the Skill level, who will determine your employee progress.

> Directly create and edit different *Skill Types*, *Skills* and *Skill Levels* from this form

Reviewer: I believe this paragraph could be improved.
Sorry, I was not able to come up with a suggestion because I got a bit confused.

> .. image:: media/add-experience.png

Reviewer: The red rectangles are emphasizing the Add button and the bin icon for Experience?!

Author: yup

   :align: center
   :alt: Filling skill forms for your employees

Add Experience
--------------

> When adding an experience, you can pick different categories of experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When adding an experience, you can pick different categories of experience.
```
This paragraph could be improved by adding a few words of what the form shows once you add an employee experience?!

The image emphasizes the Education title, but nothing is mention in the text?!

.. image:: media/add-XP.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Adding experience for your employees

> To add any **experience** or **certification** you need to choose a start date, the End date is optional, you also have
> the possibility to add a description for each experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add **experiences** and **certifications** you need to choose a start and End date is optional, you also have
the possibility to add a description for each experience.
```

Not sure about this paragraph. I am under the impression that it is not relevant? I believe we can assume users know that when the line is bold the field is mandatory. If they trying saving it, try will get a warning anyway ^^

I also feel the whole section is a bit confusing..does not explain how to add certifications, and the fact (I assume) that this is linked with Education. So it could be reorganized? (:

.. image:: media/certification.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Certification

.. note::

>    Certifications will be displayed with a trophy next to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Certifications are displayed with a trophy icon next to them.
```

> Tabs
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tabs
====
```

??
the Resume is also a tab. Maybe this title could be removed.

Work information
----------------

> Under the *Work Information* tab, you can assign responsibles for the different other app integrations

Reviewer: I believe this sentence could be improved and be given a bit more of detail.
It is an important detail the fact that you have, for example, to make sure that you link here the responsible for approving your Timesheets.

> .. image:: media/personnal-info.png

Reviewer: The screenshot could show the tab as well (:

   :align: center

>    :alt: Personal info

Reviewer: reminder about the alt tags: explain the image as if you were for a blind person, but with few words.

Organization chart
------------------

> Setting someone as manager in the employee form will generate an organigram , showing manager and subordinates for the
> employee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting someone as *Manager* in the employee form generates an organigram that showing its team.
```

or something like that

.. image:: media/organization-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Organigram

Other tabs include
==================

> **Private Information** gathering the private information about employees, **HR Settings** for employees arrangements
> and **Personal Documents**, allowing you to upload files to have instant access to all relevant information regarding
> your employees

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Private Information**: gathers private information about employees,  such as... (continue)
- **HR Settings**:  for employees arrangements (?)
- **Personal Documents**: upload files such as ... *
```

* It would be nice to have some extra info here as the size limit and formats accepted (useful info).
